Update spec to reflect recent changes (#305)
tezos-checker/checker: docs/spec/introduction.rst

render the collateral insufficient. A batched auction mechanism facilitates this
liquidation.

The deployment adjusts the terms for minting, burning and collateralising its
robocoin algorithmically based on its current market price and the target oracle
feed, such that the price drifts towards the target.

An FA2 interface is provided for each deployment's robocoin.

Configuring and building Checker for different use-cases
========================================================

Checker uses a configuration file, ``checker.yaml``, for building the contract for
different use-cases ``TODO: Add reference to a config file doc section``. While
some configurations such as system constants do not cause structural differences
in the Checker contract, other configurations such as the collateral type
require slight structural variations.

Checker currently supports the following variations:

1. Collateral type

   a. ``collateral_type=fa2`` - In this case, the collateral type is an existing
      FA2 token and the CFMM is configured to use the same FA2 token.

   b. ``collateral_type=tez`` - A special case of (1). In this case Checker's CFMM is

>       required to use `ctez` and the FA2 collateral contract must use the `wtez` FA2
>       wrapper for `tez` which is included in the Checker repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      required to use the `wctez` FA2 wrapper for `ctez` and the FA2 collateral
      contract must use the `wtez` FA2 wrapper for `tez`, both of which are included
      in the Checker repository.
```
